I will share with you 5 tips
that will help us improve a
website.
The goal is to convey in the simplest
possible way to the protagonist,
our potential customer,
how we can help him.
We will learn how to create or
improve the headline or title.
We will learn to create authority
to position ourselves as someone
who can help our client.
Let’s look at the two types of call
to action, the type of incorporation
and, finally, how to simplify
texts.
First of all, I want to remind you
that the website has to pass
the test that we can call the
test of the minimum effort.
And what consists?
In 5 seconds, everyone who visits
our website or at least those
who are the target audience
must understand.
1st
What do we do?
2nd
How can we help them?
and 3.
What do they have to do
to do business with us or
to buy us?
In 5 seconds, if your website
fails, what you have to do
is simplify and improve messages.
We start with the headline.
The title, what is it?, is the
phrase you find on the top
of a web page when you enter.
By the way, it’s not just text,
it’s text plus images and both
should translate the message
in a consistent way.
First, what is the purpose of the
headline?
The goal is that the protagonist,
your potential customer when you enter
from the beginning, identify that
you are talking about him, that you
have something that is good for him,
that you can help him.
So don’t start talking in the headline
or in the headline, don’t start
talking about what makes you
different from the details of your
product, etc.
Don’t get bored with that because so what
happens is that the protagonist enters
and leaves because you haven’t generated
interest.
The headline has to be customer-
centric, it has to talk about your
customer.
It’s very difficult when
we face a blank web page, it’s
very difficult to write the copies,
but more still the headline
because it’s also the most important
of all.
Here we can support ourselves
in three references.
One, what we can do is to transfer
the profits that our product
will generate to the protagonist
and I put you again the example
of Frank Kern who has identified
that the true desire of his
potential customer is to generate
more wealth and says it directly
in the owner and so clings
interest from the beginning.
Second, what we can do is
identify a problem and say
we will solve it.
In the case of ActiCampaign that
is a marketing automation
software that we use and that we
recommend to everyone, what
it says in the title is that
finally there is a marketing
automation tool that
in addition to powerful is
easy to use.
What you are telling us is that
you are solving a problem because
the rest of the tools or the rest
of the tools in the simplest
possible way do what you do.
Let everyone understand it.
We help you hire the right real
estate agent in Dayton, Ohio.
See how clearly it tells us what
they do, not just what they do but
where they do it.
More simple, more impossible.
Or in this case we organize your
things to make your life better.
In this case, as you can see, they have
chosen to combine what they do with the profit.
In addition to a very aspirational
benefit that is we make your
life easier.
Keep up with all three recommendations.
It will be much easier to
generate the title.
Let’s go to the second of the advice.
How to generate authority on the
website.
Why do we want to build authority?
Because at some point we have
to position ourselves as the guide
or as the solution to the
problems of our potential customers.
And our potential customer will
assess us if we are able
to help you.
We need to build authority.
There are different tactics on the
website to do this.
You can, for example, put the logos
of the companies you have worked with.
You can put testimonies from people
who are recognized and who are recommending you.
You can rely on the number of customers
you already have.
You can rely on customer testimonials
in both text and video.
In videos they are very powerful.
You can also support that
almost all companies do in
the mentions you have had
in the main media that
generates a lot of trust.
Now, let’s go to the call to action.
At some point you have to
ask your client to make a decision.
If you don’t, you won’t make the
decision, I guarantee you.
There are two types of call to action.
We have direct call
to action where you are
basically asking, so in
some cases you buy, subscribe,
etc.
And transitional call
to action where you will give
more information, allow you
to do a test, etc.
Because the customer is not
ready for the call to action.
But the direct call to action
always has to be visible, to be
in another color, highlighted,
etc.
The customer needs to know that
you are asking him to do that.
Another thing is that you give
him the opportunity to try yourself differently
or to start having a relationship
with you in another way, which would
be the transitional.
If you can, combine the two.
In addition, on web pages it is
very convenient that you use images
of happy, smiling people, etc.
Why is?
This is very naive, but it is
really effective.
You have to be constantly
at the protagonist and
tell him what he will.
What is it that he will?
How will your life improve if you buy it?
So if you move those images
it is more powerful than if what
you are doing is moving images,
because imagine your building,
your offices or your product,
etc.
Because people don’t want that.
People want to be happier,
point.
And finally, it is a very common sense
recommendation, but that very
many people forget and is that
you have to use as little text
as better.
Why is?
Because basically the fewer
words you put, the less text
you put, the more likely
people will read it.
You’ll have been thousands of times that
we enter a web page and there’s so much
text that it’s shattered and what
you do is close it.
You don’t even know where to start.
What you have to do is
translate the story we have
created with as few words
as possible.
It is true that in many cases
we have to give information to
the protagonist, but what you can
do is hierarchize it.
That is, you do not have to incorporate
the entire text, for example,
on the home page or in the
initial form.
Think of it on a first date.
At a first date, you won’
t tell everything.
What you have to do is to generate interest.
And then on a website, well,
because you can have other sections.
You can send more information
in an email, pdf, etc.
Do not shake up from the beginning.
And the advice I give you is that
what you do permanently is
put yourself in a customer’
s shoes, go into your website, read
everything you put in and
try to reduce.
Analyze how.
If I have used 50 words in
this phrase to convey an idea,
how can I make it much
simpler?
And do it permanently.
And what you will get is that the messages
from your website will reach much
more.
First, what you’ll get
is people to read them.